# Machine-Learning

#Titanic- The sinking of the RMS Titanic is one of the most infamous shipwrecks in history. On April 15, 1912, during her maiden voyage, the Titanic sank after colliding with an iceberg, killing 1502 out of 2224 passengers and crew. This sensational tragedy shocked the international community and led to better safety regulations for ships.Complete  analysis of what sorts of people were likely to survive. In particular, applied the tools of machine learning to predict which passengers survived the tragedy.

#Predict prices using multiple regression- This project uses housing data from King County. The goal of this project is to develop best performing regression models using linear, ridge (L2 regularization), lasso (L1 regularization), and K-nearest neighbor regressions, with and without polynomial transformations. The dataset holds the following target features (independent variables): # of bedrooms and bathrooms, square feet of living and lot space, # of floors, waterfront, view, condition, grade, square feet above and basement, year built and renovated (if at all), latitude, longitude, square feet of living and lot (15), and zip code. The dataset has approximately 21k observations. The target (dependent variable) is housing price 

#Fraud Detection-Classification is one of the most widely used techniques in machine learning, with a broad array of applications, including sentiment analysis, ad targeting, spam detection, risk assessment, medical diagnosis and image classification. The core goal of classification is to predict a category or class y from some inputs x.
